All right, well let's listen
here to the video at the Democratic
National Convention on this issue.
You know, when I came here to New Hampshire
the first time in this campaign and
heard about the heroin epidemic
The growing drug problem in our area...
We're all losing fathers, brothers, sons, mothers...
The numbers of people who are being affected
If you have been impacted by your own or
someone else's use of substances, would
you just raise your hand?
I didn't even know what was wrong with me until I
found out that I was I was an addict.
This problem touches everybody...
My children suffered, my family suffered...
Meeting grandmothers raising their grandchildren...
All of my friends are raising
their grandchildren because of addiction
I think you're very brave and
very loving to take on this responsibility.
It is plaguing families.
I don't want to
go to more funerals. I'm going to one this weekend.
I didn't know if I wanted
to do better. Addiction had full control
over my heart and soul.
I wouldn't have necessarily known that if I hadn't been
sitting in a little cafe in Keene
listening to people tell me about what
was breaking their hearts and what they
wanted their president to know.
We need the voice of those who are using, that is
the way in which we can make an impact
on this disease.
We can't walk away from these stories.
These are our children, these are our friends, our neighbors,
our loved ones. This is not something we can
just brush under the rug and wish it would
go away. We need to drag it out of the
shadows, we need to hold it up to the light
Everybody should feel that they are
valued, they are cared about, and they
have a president who sees them